Add Uploadcare.mdx to avif.io (#3)
KamillaGarifullina/avif.io: blog/tutorials/uploadcare.mdx

---
title: Uploadcare AVIF support
description: Image CDNs help you serve the best image to users. Find out how you can use AVIF images in Uploadcare.
keyword: Uploadcare
subcategory: cdn
support: full

sources:
  - wikipedia.org/wiki/AVIF
  - uploadcare.com/
  - https://uploadcare.com/docs/transformations/image/#formats

>   - https://stackshare.io/uploadcare

Reviewer: Насколько вижу, ссылки тут без `https://`

Author: Убрала

Chrome, Opera, Firefox, and some others support AVIF.

## What is Uploadcare

Uploadcare is a technology company that brings the best user experience to its customers and their end-users through its innovative content delivery services and breakthrough algorithms. Businesses of every size, from new startups to public companies, use our software to manage and serve visual content to billions of consumers online.

Uploadcare is a complete file handling platform for online business. Receive files from you users via File Uploader or File Upload API, implement image optimization and transformations with Image CDN API, and get HIPAA-compliant storage. Uploadcare is a tool in the File Uploads category of a tech stack.

## Uploadcare supports AVIF

> Uploadcare Image processing pipeline now supports AVIF images as a source. AVIF images can be uploaded when `imagesOnly` option is enabled.

Reviewer: > AVIF images can be uploaded when `imagesOnly` option is enabled.

Опция ни при чем.

> Uploadcare Image processing pipeline now supports AVIF images as a source. AVIF images can be uploaded when `imagesOnly` option is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploadcare Image processing pipeline now supports AVIF images as a source. Processed images could also be served as AVIF using the `-/format/auto/` operation, if a client supports this and the image meets some circumstances.
```

> By using AVIF, you are increasing your processing usage since AVIF is intensive to encode. Consequently, it takes longer for the processing to take place. The problem is noticeable with delays of a few seconds. With the API, eager processing can be used to transform data on upload.

Reviewer: Этот абзац лучше убрать

Author: Убрала

### Example code

> const imagesOnlyAcceptTypes = [ 'image/avif',
>                                 'image/avif-sequence',
>                                 '.avif',
>                                 '.avifs',
>                                ].join(',')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Syntax language="html">
  {`<img srcset="https://ucarecdn.com/f70b3810-1f72-4ad3-97c9-fd1c9c24db6f/-/format/auto/-/resize/240x/ 240w,
             https://ucarecdn.com/f70b3810-1f72-4ad3-97c9-fd1c9c24db6f/-/format/auto/-/resize/400x/ 400w,
             https://ucarecdn.com/f70b3810-1f72-4ad3-97c9-fd1c9c24db6f/-/format/auto/-/resize/480x/-/quality/lightest/ 480w,
             https://ucarecdn.com/f70b3810-1f72-4ad3-97c9-fd1c9c24db6f/-/format/auto/-/resize/800x/-/quality/lightest/ 800w"
    sizes="(max-width: 820px) 240px, 400px"
    src="https://ucarecdn.com/f70b3810-1f72-4ad3-97c9-fd1c9c24db6f/-/resize/400x/"
    alt="Mountain lake">`}
</Syntax>
```
